resource/aws_elasticsearch_domain DomainEndpointOptions (#10430)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/elasticsearch_domain.html.markdown

* `vpc_options` - (Optional) VPC related options, see below. Adding or removing this configuration forces a new resource ([documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticsearch-service/latest/developerguide/es-vpc.html#es-vpc-limitations)).
* `log_publishing_options` - (Optional) Options for publishing slow logs to CloudWatch Logs.
* `elasticsearch_version` - (Optional) The version of Elasticsearch to deploy. Defaults to `1.5`

> * `enforce_httpsnt_options` - (Optional) Domain endpoint HTTP(S) related options. See below.

Reviewer: Looks like this fix got transposed between here and line 246 -- will fix on merge. 👍

* `enabled` - (Required) Whether to enable encryption at rest. If the `encrypt_at_rest` block is not provided then this defaults to `false`.
* `kms_key_id` - (Optional) The KMS key id to encrypt the Elasticsearch domain with. If not specified then it defaults to using the `aws/es` service KMS key.

**domain_endpoint_options** supports the following attributes:

> * `require_https` - (Required) wether or not to require HTTPS

Reviewer: Typo 😎 

```suggestion
* `enforce_https` - (Required) Whether or not to require HTTPS
```

> * `tls_security_policy` - (Optional) the TLS security policy that needs to be applied to the HTTPS endpoint. Defaults to `Policy-Min-TLS-1-2-2019-07`

Reviewer: We would prefer not to choose a default in this situation, but should still mention the valid values.

```suggestion
* `tls_security_policy` - (Optional) The name of the TLS security policy that needs to be applied to the HTTPS endpoint. Valid values:  `Policy-Min-TLS-1-0-2019-07` and `Policy-Min-TLS-1-2-2019-07`. Terraform will only perform drift detection if a configuration value is provided.
```
